March 20th, 2018. The first day of shooting of Olivia Hye’s Egoist music video
Go Won: Okay, introduce yourself
Olivia Hye: Hello, I’m…
Olivia Hye: Colombia, don’t raise up, don’t put down, Olivia Hye~
(She prepared it by herself…)
Go Won: She really looks like Olivia Hye, isn’t she?
Olivia Hye: Really?
Olivia Hye: I love it~
Yves: Hi~
Yves: Today is the day of Olivia Hye’s...
Yves: Olive Hye’s music video…
Olivia Hye: Olive~
Olivia Hye: No, I’m Olivia Hye!
Olivia Hye: Olivia Colombia
Olivia Hye: Olivia Colombia raise up and down… Hye!
Yves: What?
Yves: How do you feel?
Olivia Hye: I’m feeling like… Olivia Hye!
Yves:  Can I look forward to it today?
Olivia Hye: Definitely~
Yves: I heard that the set for the first filming is a incineration plant.
Yves: I sure hope no one get hurt.
Olivia Hye: Don’t get hurt~
Chuu: Chuu is here!
Yves: We’re gonna say ‘Olivia Hye, Olivia Hye, fighting’ with rhythm.
Yves: Start!
(Looks like they got used to LOOΠΔ TV perfectly!)
Yves: It's mine!
Chuu: She said ska ska!